docs: session state (#350)
aws/aws-advanced-nodejs-wrapper: docs/using-the-nodejs-wrapper/SessionState.md

# Session States

## What is a session state?

> Every connection is associated with a connection session on the server and a group of related session settings like the autoCommit flag or the transaction isolation level. The following session settings are tracked by the AWS NodeJS Driver and together they form a session state:

Reviewer: Please replace all instances of `AWS NodeJS Driver` with `AWS Advanced NodeJS Wrapper`

## Restore to the Original Session State

Before closing an existing connection, the AWS NodeJS Driver may try to reset all changes to the session state made by the user application. It is important to mention that while using internal connection pooling pools may be shared amongst connections. Cleaning up a session state before returning a connection to a pool is necessary to avoid side effects and errors when a connection is retrieved from a pool to be reused.

Before closing a connection, the AWS NodeJS Driver sets its session state settings with the pristine values that have been previously stored in the driver. If a pristine value isn't available, it means that there have been no changes to that particular setting made by the user application, and that it's safe to assume that this setting is in its original/unchanged state.

Session state reset could be disabled by using `resetSessionStateOnClose` configuration parameter.

> ## Transfer Session State to a new Connection

Reviewer: Could you please double check the capitalization on all the section headings

When the driver needs to switch to a new connection, it opens a new connection and transfers a session state to it. All current session state values are applied to the new connection. Pristine values for a new connection are also fetched and stored if needed. When a new connection is configured, it replaces the current internal connection.

> Session transfer can be disabled by using the `transferSessionStateOnSwitch` configuration parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Session transfer can be disabled by setting the `transferSessionStateOnSwitch` configuration parameter to `false`.
```
